1. One example is android.intent.action.TIME_TICK, this is a protected intent that can
only be sent by the system. It’s sent every 60 seconds and you can only listen to it if you
registered via the Context.

2. In earlier versions of Android, there were already a couple of broadcast that were
off limits from the manifest. At the time of this writing, Android 9 (or API level 28)
came out. In this book, we’ve always used API level 23 as the target, but you will benefit
from reading the behavior changes documents for each Android version. I’ve listed
some links to the official Android documentation below. These documentations affect
BroadcastReceivers in one way or another.

3. Android 9 (API 28) behavior changes. http://bit.ly/
behaviorchanges9. Talks about all the changes in the API that
developers should know if we want to target Android 9. This doc has
something to say about BroadcastReceivers.

4. Background execution limits. http://bit.ly/bgexeclimit. This
talks about the things your app can and can’t do while it’s running
in the background. Don’t think that because you’re not in the UI
thread, you can run around and do whatever you want. This doc talks
about those limitations; it also talks about the limitations imposed on
BroadcastReceivers.

5. BroadcastReceiver exceptions. http://bit.ly/
broadcastexceptions. Starting with Android 8 (continuing to 9), all
implicit broadcast actions are now off-limits from the manifest, with
the exception of some. This document itemizes those actions that are
exempted. If you want to know which implicit broadcast actions can
still be registered via the manifest, read this doc.
Implicit vs. Explicit Broadcast Actions

6. Android makes a distinction between implicit and explicit broadcast actions. It defines
an explicit broadcast as something that target just one application, no matter how many
other apps are listening for it. An explicit broadcast, on the other hand, can be heard
by any app that registered for it. For our purpose and to make our lives simpler, the
documentation is telling us not to listen to system broadcast via the manifest